About the job
TL;DR We are seeking a Platform Engineer to enhance and scale Lovable's developer experience. In this role, you will be responsible for critical components of our stack, ensuring our engineering workflows are faster, smoother, and more Lovable.

Why Lovable?

Lovable lets anyone and everyone build software with plain English. From solopreneurs to Fortune 100 teams, millions of people use Lovable to transform raw ideas into real products - fast. We are at the forefront of a foundational shift in software creation, which means you have an unprecedented opportunity to change the way the digital world works. Over 2 million people in 200+ countries already use Lovable to launch businesses, automate work, and bring their ideas to life. And we’re just getting started.

We’re a small, talent-dense team building a generation-defining company from Stockholm. We value extreme ownership, high velocity and low-ego collaboration. We seek out people who care deeply, ship fast, and are eager to make a dent in the world.

What We’re Looking For

You have strong programming skills and a track record of improving developer velocity and system reliability. 
7+ years of experience working in a platform team supporting developer experience (o11y, CI/CD, application frameworks, productivity tooling, etc). 
You’ve written code and tools to support growing engineering orgs in scale-ups. 
You have experience with Docker, Kubernetes and modern infrastructure practices. 
You’re a problem-solver who thrives on challenges and ships high-leverage systems fast. 
You’re comfortable navigating ambiguity and solving problems as they arise. 
You care about security, stability, and speed and know when to make trade-offs between them. 
You’re based in Stockholm or ready to relocate - this is an on-site, 5-days-a-week role. 

What You’ll Do

In one sentence: Own and scale the developer experience at Lovable, making our engineering teams the most productive in the world.

Bring order and structure to our code base. 
Integrate or build application frameworks to support a growing engineering organization and code footprint
Own and develop our observability stack, from code instrumentation through ingestion to presentation. 
Integrating tools for AI driven development. 
Identify and drive reliability improvement efforts across all engineering teams. 

Our tech stack

We're building with tools that both humans and AI love. Lovable platform engineers are capable of working across the whole stack. Examples of tech in our stack include:

Frontend: React and Typescript. 
Backend: Golang and Rust. 
Cloud: Cloudflare, GCP, AWS, Modal. 
Data: Clickhouse, Firestore, Spanner, BigQuery. 
DevOps Tooling: CI/CD pipelines, OTEL, Grafana, kubernetes, terraform. 
Local Tooling: Nix, DevEnv. 

And always on the lookout for what's next!

About Your Application

Please submit your application in English - it’s our company language so you’ll be speaking lots of it if you join
We treat all candidates equally - if you’re interested please apply through our careers portal
