About the job
About Us

Legora is on a mission: to redefine how legal work gets done. From the very start we have been very clear about the fact that we are not building a solution for lawyers, we are building it with them, because it is the only way to make sure it gets done the right way; working side-by-side every step of the way.

Our AI-native workspace empowers legal professionals not just to work faster - but to ask better questions, unlock new insights. Every day, we push the boundaries of legal tech to make complex processes smarter, faster, and more human. From thousands of documents analysed in minutes to intelligent workflows designed in collaboration with leading practices, we’re turning possibility into reality.

Today we are trusted by global firms like Cleary Gottlieb, Goodwin, Bird & Bird and Linklaters in over 40 countries, but we have no plans on stopping here. We ship fast, we iterate effectively, and we scale rapidly - not by accident, but by design.

When you join Legora, you become part of a team that believes "good enough" isn’t good enough and that the way to win is together, by empowering lawyers to do their best work with technology that truly understands them. If you’re excited by building from first principles, working with exceptional people, and accelerating change in a high-stakes, high-impact domain—then this is the moment and the place.

We’re not just shaping the future of legal tech — we’re defining it. Ready to join us in building the intelligent future of law?

The role

As a Platform Engineer at Legora, you’ll join an enabling team focused on making life easier for developers. Your mission: improve reliability, boost performance, and build a rock-solid platform that scales with the company. You'll work hands-on across infrastructure and backend systems, helping teams ship faster, safer, and smarter.

What You Will Be Doing

Build the core infrastructure and reliability abstractions that all our engineering teams use
Sit with all teams and help them structure their SRE efforts: observability, alerting, fault tolerance and reliability
Proactively monitor our infrastructure and develop it for hyperscale and reliability
Contribute to incident response and post-incident learning
Work with Pulumi on primarily Azure, but also AI deployments on AWS and GCP

Who You Are

You have years of experience as a backend engineer but have solid infrastructure, observability, monitoring know-how
Experience with Kubernetes
Experience with Pulumi (preferred) or similar IaC tools like AWS CDK, Terraform
But most importantly, you are someone who
“Gets stuff done” and understands building a $10bn company isn’t always glamorous and takes hard work and long hours
Proactively and independently solves the most burning problems
Strives in a fast-paced environment where the answers aren’t always clear and processes are few
Legora is an Equal Opportunity Employer

At Legora, we believe great teams are built on diversity of thought and experience. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer and committed to creating an inclusive, high-performance culture where everyone can do their best work. We welcome people of all backgrounds and don’t discriminate based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
