About the job
About Revolut

People deserve more from their money. More visibility, more control, and more freedom. Since 2015, Revolut has been on a mission to deliver just that. Our powerhouse of products — including spending, saving, investing, exchanging, travelling, and more — help our 75+ million customers get more from their money every day.

As we continue our lightning-fast growth,‌ 2 things are essential to our success: our people and our culture. In recognition of our outstanding employee experience, we've been certified as a Great Place to Work™. So far, we have 13,000+ people working around the world, from our offices and remotely, to help us achieve our mission. And we're looking for more brilliant people. People who love building great products, redefining success, and turning the complexity of a chaotic world into the simplicity of a beautiful solution.

About The Role

Our Technology team builds the systems and experiences that keep Revolut moving. From the infrastructure behind our innovative app to the features used by millions of people around the world, they bring sharp thinking, speed, and a focus on meaningful impact to everything they do.

We’re looking for a Python Engineer who can write high-quality code and build automated solutions for heavily regulated financial systems.

As part of the AI team that's driving innovation and powering products, you'll be developing the core infrastructure behind our central platform that empowers our scientists and engineers to solve tomorrow's challenges today.

Up to shape what's next in finance? Let's get in touch.

What You'll Be Doing

Improving GPU utilisation and performance across large-scale workloads
Ensuring low-latency, high-throughput predictions in production environments
Designing, building, and maintaining scalable services that support the AI lifecycle
Building the core infrastructure behind AutoDL, enabling automated training and deployment of ML models
Developing infrastructure and APIs that integrate third-party services and grow with the business
Implementing and managing robust CI/CD pipelines to validate, deploy, and monitor a diverse range of models
Establishing the backbone for AI governance and reproducibility
Designing systems for real-time inference on high-load ML use cases
Building scalable pipelines for event-driven data (e.g., behavioural, transactional streams)

What You'll Need

Experience with deep learning in production, including inference optimisation and working with transformer-based models or similar DL architectures
Hands-on experience with GPU-heavy workloads (memory management, performance tuning for large-scale models)
A degree in a STEM subject or equivalent
A solid foundation in computer science principles
A track record of designing and operating scalable backend systems in production environments
Proficiency in Python as your primary language, with command of additional programming languages
Expertise in distributed systems and modern infrastructure practices, like containerisation and orchestration

Building a global financial super app isn’t enough. Our Revoluters are a priority, and that’s why in 2021 we launched our inaugural D&I Framework, designed to help us thrive and grow everyday. We're not just doing this because it's the right thing to do. We’re doing it because we know that seeking out diverse talent and creating an inclusive workplace is the way to create exceptional, innovative products and services for our customers. That’s why we encourage applications from people with diverse backgrounds and experiences to join this multicultural, hard-working team.

Important notice for candidates:

Job scams are on the rise. Please keep these guidelines in mind when applying for any open roles.

 Only apply through official Revolut channels. We don’t use any third-party services or platforms for our recruitment.
 Always double-check the emails you receive. Make sure all communications are being done through official Revolut emails, with an @revolut.com domain.

We won't ask for payment or personal financial information during the hiring process. If anyone does ask you for this, it’s a scam. Report it immediately.

By submitting this application, I confirm that all the information given by me in this application for employment and any additional documents attached hereto are true to the best of my knowledge and that I have not wilfully suppressed any material fact. I confirm I have disclosed if applicable any previous employment with Revolut. I accept that if any of the information given by me in this application is in any way false or incorrect, my application may be rejected, any offer of employment may be withdrawn or my employment with Revolut may be terminated summarily or I may be dismissed. By submitting this application, I agree that my personal data will be processed in accordance with Revolut's Candidate Privacy Notice